Update `ParamEnv` section for `TypingEnv` changes (#2265)
rust-lang/rustc-dev-guide: src/typing_parameter_envs/typing_parameter_envs.md

In most cases `ParamEnv`s are initially created via the [`param_env` query][query] which returns a `ParamEnv` derived from the provided item's where clauses. A `ParamEnv` can also be created with arbitrary sets of clauses that are not derived from a specific item, such as in [`compare_method_predicate_entailment`][method_pred_entailment] where we create a hybrid `ParamEnv` consisting of the impl's where clauses and the trait definition's function's where clauses.

---

If we have a function such as:
```rust
// `foo` would have a `ParamEnv` of:
// `[T: Sized, T: Trait, <T as Trait>::Assoc: Clone]`
fn foo<T: Trait>()
where
    <T as Trait>::Assoc: Clone,
{}
```
If we were conceptually inside of `foo` (for example, type-checking or linting it) we would use this `ParamEnv` everywhere that we interact with the type system. This would allow things such as normalization (TODO: write a chapter about normalization and link it), evaluating generic constants, and proving where clauses/goals, to rely on `T` being sized, implementing `Trait`, etc.

A more concrete example:
```rust
// `foo` would have a `ParamEnv` of:
// `[T: Sized, T: Clone]`
fn foo<T: Clone>(a: T) {

>     // when typechecking `foo` we require all the where clauses on `bar`

Author: ```suggestion
    // when typechecking `foo` we require all the where clauses on `requires_clone`
```

>     // when typechecking `foo` we require all the where clauses on `bar`

Author: thx

- The correct env is already in scope simply use it (or pass it down the call stack to where you are).
- The [`tcx.param_env(def_id)` query][param_env_query]
- Use [`ParamEnv::new`][param_env_new] to construct an env with an arbitrary set of where clauses. Then call [`traits::normalize_param_env_or_error`][normalize_env_or_error] which will handle normalizing and elaborating all the where clauses in the env for you.
- Creating an empty environment with [`ParamEnv::empty`][env_empty]

In the large majority of cases, when a `ParamEnv` is required it already exists somewhere in scope or above in the call stack and should be passed down. A non exhaustive list of places where you might find an existing `ParamEnv`:
- During typeck `FnCtxt` has a [`param_env` field][fnctxt_param_env]
- When writing late lints the `LateContext` has a [`param_env` field][latectxt_param_env]
- During well formedness checking the `WfCheckingCtxt` has a [`param_env` field][wfckctxt_param_env]
- The `TypeChecker` used by Mir Typeck has a [`param_env` field][mirtypeck_param_env]
- In the next-gen trait solver all `Goal`s have a [`param_env` field][goal_param_env] specifying what environment to prove the goal in

> - When editing an existing [`TypeRelation`][typerelation] if it implements [`PredicateEmittingRelation`][predicate_emitting_relation] then a [`param_env` method][typerelation_param_env] will be available.

Reviewer: I would flip this: pretty much everyone who needs to look at this dev guide chapter should work on things which already have a `ParamEnv`/`TypingEnv` in scope. I would like to make this very explicit and more strongly highlight "or pass it down the call stack to where you are".

Author: That's true :thinking: u right

This workaround does not work in all cases as normalizing associated types requires a `ParamEnv` which introduces a bootstrapping problem. We need a normalized `ParamEnv` in order for normalization to give correct results, but we need to normalize to get that `ParamEnv`. Currently we normalize the `ParamEnv` once using the unnormalized param env and it tends to give okay results in practice even though there are some examples where this breaks ([example]).

In the next-gen trait solver the requirement for all where clauses in the `ParamEnv` to be fully normalized is not present and so we do not normalize when constructing `ParamEnv`s.

[example]: https://play.rust-lang.org/?version=stable&mode=debug&edition=2021&gist=e6933265ea3e84eaa47019465739992c
[pe]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/nightly/nightly-rustc/rustc_middle/ty/struct.ParamEnv.html
[normalize_env_or_error]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/nightly/nightly-rustc/rustc_trait_selection/traits/fn.normalize_param_env_or_error.html

> ### Bundling

Author: Hmm yeah its mostly a leftover from the original docs and not really used much and also just "look at the api docs to see it".

A useful API on `ParamEnv` is the [`and`][and] method which allows bundling a value with the `ParamEnv`. The `and` method produces a [`ParamEnvAnd<T>`][pea] making it clearer that using the inner value is intended to be done in that specific environment.

[and]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/nightly/nightly-rustc/rustc_middle/ty/struct.ParamEnv.html#method.and
[pea]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/nightly/nightly-rustc/rustc_middle/ty/struct.ParamEnvAnd.html

## Typing Modes

Depending on what context we are performing type system operations in, different behaviour may be required. For example during coherence there are stronger requirements about when we can consider goals to not hold or when we can consider types to be unequal.

> Tracking which "phase" of the compiler type system operations are being performed in is done by the [`TypingMode`][tenv] enum. The documentation on the `TypingMode` enum is quite good so instead of repeating it here verbatim we would reccomend reading the API documentation directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tracking which "phase" of the compiler type system operations are being performed in is done by the [`TypingMode`][tenv] enum. The documentation on the `TypingMode` enum is quite good so instead of repeating it here verbatim we would recommend reading the API documentation directly.
```
